I
unit 1 Tina - what base 1 to unit 1 base
1 to unit 1 oh please there's been a
break-in at Democratic headquarters they
were bugging the place laverna Bernstein
your hold on the story narrow head up
Bradford I'm Bob Woodward of the
Washington Post mr. Marcum are you here
in connection with the Watergate
burglary and not here
Hoffman hi yeah this is called Bernstein
the Washington Post and I was just
wondering if you can remember all the
President's Men the story of the two
young reporters who cracked the
Watergate conspiracy my Howard hunt
please smack stop who's Charles Colson
did you know Howard hunt well the White
House said he was doing some
investigative work what do you say they
stumbled into leads certainly surprised
no no surprise well they tripped over
Clues we'd like to see all
the white house all we house
transactions are company this whole
thing is a cover-up is running our nose
and piece by piece they solve the
greatest detective story in American
history there is no way the white house
can control the investigation I I don't
want to say anymore okay
and threaten if you tell the truth is
there a cover-up and Shawn is damaged
you're on to Mitchell knew of course
that your new wife back seat yeah yeah
at times it looked as if it might cost
them their jobs you guys were about to
write a story this is a former attorney
general the highest ranking law
enforcement officer in this country's a
crook their reputations why is the post
trying to do it I don't know perhaps
even their lives